hi everyone today teaches me can
invent a beautiful and popular girl
fashionable at school
then you must first bind yourself
hair this you see as I said
how can I say one thing and then leave a
wisp out with up front you see
first thing
Second thing you don't have to dress like
you don't have to for pimples in your face before
these some me because the pimples
in the face there were the fashion shows
see you must have the whole face
nice clean and above all not slut
you even have to dress like you
they dress the explained and you don't have to copy
from them in order to dress because they are
losers and dress losers
indeed on the public housing or team not
just dress that it is better to be an asy
just right then it takes a necklace
can see you my foreigner bought
from euronics and moon with beautiful wool
see that you see what i am
children now here's what in a girl
beautiful in the carnino the popular and therefore
we summarize what needs to be done to
be pretty cute
and popular then one does not dress like
explain why they are explained then
dress up as nerds two not getting dressed
just three thanks hair as well
must issue a coffee maker here in
go on like this because it is very much boat
and therefore a necklace and this is fine
a beautiful necklace that is so much
also convenient because it closes like this
you see on the hook to close already and then
another very important mission
of chains tell me you must never use
words like canine hello thanks
very objective goodbye but it is use
words like fuck you asshole chalk
you bastard a slut
I want a whore like a whore
whore who can't wear that move
what the hell to do that out of my mind
and there was light experience words
just being helpful and
immensely and see you next time
bet
Hello